the painter who was sketched by her student looked happy .
the robot who was sketched by the illustrator gained popularity rapidly .
the culprit who was sketched by the investigator escaped .
the apprentice sketched
the elf introduced by the magician danced happily .
the therapist introduced by the doctor listened carefully .
the speaker introduced by the chairman charmed everyone .
the producer introduced
the spy approached by the agent searched-for some answers .
the pharmacist approached by the patient recommended the blue pills .
the student approached by the teacher passed the exam .
the clerk approached
the employee admired the manager and received a good evaluation .
the nurse admired the doctor and worked diligently .
the singer admired her fans and sang beautifully .
the princess admired
the student being identified by the researcher proposed an interesting project .
the electrician being identified by the company was competent .
the thief being identified by the victim ran-away in-fear .
the warden identified
the teacher encouraged by her students brought some donuts .
the hairdresser encouraged by her customer tried a new hairstyle .
the gymnast encouraged by the coach participated in the contest .
the musician encouraged
the governor who was congratulated by the president made a public-statement .
the valedictorian who was congratulated by her family beamed joyfully .
the captain who was congratulated by the team jumped excitedly .
the actress congratulated
the chef selected by the restaurant advertised his signature dish .
the developer selected by the team solved the problem efficiently .
the applicant selected by the company gained more information .
the professor selected
the dragon who was challenged by the wizard roared loudly .
the programmer who was challenged by the supervisor accepted her mistake .
the protestors who was challenged by the authority marched on the streets .
the scientist challenged
the businessman being betrayed by his partner lost a-lot-of money .
the executive being betrayed by her accountant committed the famous tax-fraud .
the politician being betrayed by the party denied the allegations .
the king betrayed
the apprentice being studied by the blacksmith forged a shield .
the scholars being studied by the psychologist were attentive .
the soldier being studied by the general fought valiantly .
the writer studied
the thief chased by the officer stopped suddenly .
the dentist chased by her son threatened his teeth-extraction playfully .
the dog chased by the boy played-with the ball .
the monkey chased
the poet who was recognized by the writer smiled .
the driver who was recognized by the passenger grinned cheerfully .
the man who was recognized by the spy took-off down the street .
the actor recognized
the toddler being accompanied by her parents went to the store .
the builder being accompanied by the architect visited the construction-site .
the prince being accompanied by the duke arrived at the palace .
the children accompanied
the broker paid by the company signed the contract .
the entrepreneur paid by the industrialist founded a successful company .
the cashier paid by the customer muttered something inaudibly .
the organization paid
the senator who was attacked by the assassin went to the hospital .
the analyst who was attacked by his client apologized .
the troops who was attacked by the terrorists suffered some heavy losses .
the lion attacked
the woman being consoled by her daughter smiled wistfully .
the athlete being consoled by his coach promised more effort .
the widow being consoled by her family felt better eventually .
the teenager consoled
the dog scratched a stranger and barked loudly .
the diamond scratched the machine and remained flawless .
the girl scratched the cat and enjoyed the sunny afternoon .
the toddler scratched
the suspect captured the investigator and looked terrified .
the prisoners captured the colonel and escaped at-night .
the policeman captured the kidnapper and divulged a-lot-of information .
the witch captured
the man envied his sister and bought a new car .
the plumber envied the carpenter and was well-known .
the officer envied the assistant and quit the job .
the principal envied
the industrialist who was examined by the auditor hid the money .
the patient who was examined by the hygenist looked uncomfortable .
the defendant who was examined by the lawyer was unreliable .
the engineer examined
the chemist described the writer and was interested .
the physicist described the journalist and published many seminal articles .
the boy described the lady and glowed joyfully .
the secretary described
the kid loved her parents and slept peacefully .
the janitor loved the employees and was cheerful .
the landlord loved his tenants and was considerate .
the comedian loved
the dancer being recorded by his trainer practiced energetically .
the influencer being recorded by her fans started-trending rapidly .
the priest being recorded by the mob preached non-violence .
the management recorded
