the painter sketched her student and looked happy .
the robot sketched the illustrator and gained popularity rapidly .
the culprit sketched the investigator and escaped .
the apprentice sketched
the elf being introduced by the magician danced happily .
the therapist being introduced by the doctor listened carefully .
the speaker being introduced by the chairman charmed everyone .
the producer introduced
the spy being approached by the agent searched-for some answers .
the pharmacist being approached by the patient recommended the blue pills .
the student being approached by the teacher passed the exam .
the clerk approached
the employee who was admired by the manager received a good evaluation .
the nurse who was admired by the doctor worked diligently .
the singer who was admired by her fans sang beautifully .
the princess admired
the student identified by the researcher proposed an interesting project .
the electrician identified by the company was competent .
the thief identified by the victim ran-away in-fear .
the warden identified
the teacher being encouraged by her students brought some donuts .
the hairdresser being encouraged by her customer tried a new hairstyle .
the gymnast being encouraged by the coach participated in the contest .
the musician encouraged
the governor congratulated the president and made a public-statement .
the valedictorian congratulated her family and beamed joyfully .
the captain congratulated the team and jumped excitedly .
the actress congratulated
the chef being selected by the restaurant advertised his signature dish .
the developer being selected by the team solved the problem efficiently .
the applicant being selected by the company gained more information .
the professor selected
the dragon challenged the wizard and roared loudly .
the programmer challenged the supervisor and accepted her mistake .
the protestors challenged the authority and marched on the streets .
the scientist challenged
the businessman betrayed by his partner lost a-lot-of money .
the executive betrayed by her accountant committed the famous tax-fraud .
the politician betrayed by the party denied the allegations .
the king betrayed
the apprentice studied by the blacksmith forged a shield .
the scholars studied by the psychologist were attentive .
the soldier studied by the general fought valiantly .
the writer studied
the thief being chased by the officer stopped suddenly .
the dentist being chased by her son threatened his teeth-extraction playfully .
the dog being chased by the boy played-with the ball .
the monkey chased
the poet recognized the writer and smiled .
the driver recognized the passenger and grinned cheerfully .
the man recognized the spy and took-off down the street .
the actor recognized
the toddler accompanied by her parents went to the store .
the builder accompanied by the architect visited the construction-site .
the prince accompanied by the duke arrived at the palace .
the children accompanied
the broker being paid by the company signed the contract .
the entrepreneur being paid by the industrialist founded a successful company .
the cashier being paid by the customer muttered something inaudibly .
the organization paid
the senator attacked the assassin and went to the hospital .
the analyst attacked his client and apologized .
the troops attacked the terrorists and suffered some heavy losses .
the lion attacked
the woman consoled by her daughter smiled wistfully .
the athlete consoled by his coach promised more effort .
the widow consoled by her family felt better eventually .
the teenager consoled
the dog who was scratched by a stranger barked loudly .
the diamond who was scratched by the machine remained flawless .
the girl who was scratched by the cat enjoyed the sunny afternoon .
the toddler scratched
the suspect who was captured by the investigator looked terrified .
the prisoners who was captured by the colonel escaped at-night .
the policeman who was captured by the kidnapper divulged a-lot-of information .
the witch captured
the man who was envied by his sister bought a new car .
the plumber who was envied by the carpenter was well-known .
the officer who was envied by the assistant quit the job .
the principal envied
the industrialist examined the auditor and hid the money .
the patient examined the hygenist and looked uncomfortable .
the defendant examined the lawyer and was unreliable .
the engineer examined
the chemist who was described by the writer was interested .
the physicist who was described by the journalist published many seminal articles .
the boy who was described by the lady glowed joyfully .
the secretary described
the kid who was loved by her parents slept peacefully .
the janitor who was loved by the employees was cheerful .
the landlord who was loved by his tenants was considerate .
the comedian loved
the dancer recorded by his trainer practiced energetically .
the influencer recorded by her fans started-trending rapidly .
the priest recorded by the mob preached non-violence .
the management recorded
