the priest recorded the mob and preached non-violence .
the management recorded the employee and talked-about privacy .
the dancer recorded his trainer and practiced energetically .
the influencer recorded
the landlord loved by his tenants was considerate .
the comedian loved by the audience impersonated a famous celebrity .
the kid loved by her parents slept peacefully .
the janitor loved
the boy described by the lady glowed joyfully .
the secretary described by the visitor waited patiently .
the chemist described by the writer was interested .
the physicist described
the defendant being examined by the lawyer was unreliable .
the engineer being examined by a licensor passed the test .
the industrialist being examined by the auditor hid the money .
the patient examined
the officer envied by the assistant quit the job .
the principal envied by the administration complained incessantly .
the man envied by his sister bought a new car .
the plumber envied
the policeman captured by the kidnapper divulged a-lot-of information .
the witch captured by the peasant cackled gleefully .
the suspect captured by the investigator looked terrified .
the prisoners captured
the girl scratched by the cat enjoyed the sunny afternoon .
the toddler scratched by the table exclaimed in-surprise .
the dog scratched by a stranger barked loudly .
the diamond scratched
the widow consoled her family and felt better eventually .
the teenager consoled the friend and went to her home sullenly .
the woman consoled her daughter and smiled wistfully .
the athlete consoled
the troops being attacked by the terrorists suffered some heavy losses .
the lion being attacked by the hunter staggered into the forest .
the senator being attacked by the assassin went to the hospital .
the analyst attacked
the cashier who was paid by the customer muttered something inaudibly .
the organization who was paid by the government expanded its mission .
the broker who was paid by the company signed the contract .
the entrepreneur paid
the prince accompanied the duke and arrived at the palace .
the children accompanied their guardian and skipped to the park .
the toddler accompanied her parents and went to the store .
the builder accompanied
the man being recognized by the spy took-off down the street .
the actor being recognized by the reporter waved enthusiastically .
the poet being recognized by the writer smiled .
the driver recognized
the dog who was chased by the boy played-with the ball .
the monkey who was chased by a hatter stole his hats .
the thief who was chased by the officer stopped suddenly .
the dentist chased
the soldier studied the general and fought valiantly .
the writer studied the scholar and wrote a radical book .
the apprentice studied the blacksmith and forged a shield .
the scholars studied
the politician betrayed the party and denied the allegations .
the king betrayed the genie and arrested the innocent woman .
the businessman betrayed his partner and lost a-lot-of money .
the executive betrayed
the protestors being challenged by the authority marched on the streets .
the scientist being challenged by the journalist demonstrated the invention .
the dragon being challenged by the wizard roared loudly .
the programmer challenged
the applicant who was selected by the company gained more information .
the professor who was selected by the university made plans-to-move .
the chef who was selected by the restaurant advertised his signature dish .
the developer selected
the captain being congratulated by the team jumped excitedly .
the actress being congratulated by the director talked to the media happily .
the governor being congratulated by the president made a public-statement .
the valedictorian congratulated
the gymnast who was encouraged by the coach participated in the contest .
the musician who was encouraged by the crowd performed a breathtaking piece .
the teacher who was encouraged by her students brought some donuts .
the hairdresser encouraged
the thief identified the victim and ran-away in-fear .
the warden identified the prisoner and cracked the walnuts enthusiastically .
the student identified the researcher and proposed an interesting project .
the electrician identified
the singer admired by her fans sang beautifully .
the princess admired by the magician went into a trance .
the employee admired by the manager received a good evaluation .
the nurse admired
the student who was approached by the teacher passed the exam .
the clerk who was approached by his manager submitted the report .
the spy who was approached by the agent searched-for some answers .
the pharmacist approached
the speaker who was introduced by the chairman charmed everyone .
the producer who was introduced by the association won many awards .
the elf who was introduced by the magician danced happily .
the therapist introduced
the culprit being sketched by the investigator escaped .
the apprentice being sketched by the artist rolled-up the canvas .
the painter being sketched by her student looked happy .
the robot sketched
