the apprentice who was sketched by the artist rolled-up the canvas .
the painter who was sketched by her student looked happy .
the robot who was sketched by the illustrator gained popularity rapidly .
the culprit sketched
the producer introduced by the association won many awards .
the elf introduced by the magician danced happily .
the therapist introduced by the doctor listened carefully .
the speaker introduced
the clerk approached by his manager submitted the report .
the spy approached by the agent searched-for some answers .
the pharmacist approached by the patient recommended the blue pills .
the student approached
the princess admired the magician and went into a trance .
the employee admired the manager and received a good evaluation .
the nurse admired the doctor and worked diligently .
the singer admired
the warden being identified by the prisoner cracked the walnuts enthusiastically .
the student being identified by the researcher proposed an interesting project .
the electrician being identified by the company was competent .
the thief identified
the musician encouraged by the crowd performed a breathtaking piece .
the teacher encouraged by her students brought some donuts .
the hairdresser encouraged by her customer tried a new hairstyle .
the gymnast encouraged
the actress who was congratulated by the director talked to the media happily .
the governor who was congratulated by the president made a public-statement .
the valedictorian who was congratulated by her family beamed joyfully .
the captain congratulated
the professor selected by the university made plans-to-move .
the chef selected by the restaurant advertised his signature dish .
the developer selected by the team solved the problem efficiently .
the applicant selected
the scientist who was challenged by the journalist demonstrated the invention .
the dragon who was challenged by the wizard roared loudly .
the programmer who was challenged by the supervisor accepted her mistake .
the protestors challenged
the king being betrayed by the genie arrested the innocent woman .
the businessman being betrayed by his partner lost a-lot-of money .
the executive being betrayed by her accountant committed the famous tax-fraud .
the politician betrayed
the writer being studied by the scholar wrote a radical book .
the apprentice being studied by the blacksmith forged a shield .
the scholars being studied by the psychologist were attentive .
the soldier studied
the monkey chased by a hatter stole his hats .
the thief chased by the officer stopped suddenly .
the dentist chased by her son threatened his teeth-extraction playfully .
the dog chased
the actor who was recognized by the reporter waved enthusiastically .
the poet who was recognized by the writer smiled .
the driver who was recognized by the passenger grinned cheerfully .
the man recognized
the children being accompanied by their guardian skipped to the park .
the toddler being accompanied by her parents went to the store .
the builder being accompanied by the architect visited the construction-site .
the prince accompanied
the organization paid by the government expanded its mission .
the broker paid by the company signed the contract .
the entrepreneur paid by the industrialist founded a successful company .
the cashier paid
the lion who was attacked by the hunter staggered into the forest .
the senator who was attacked by the assassin went to the hospital .
the analyst who was attacked by his client apologized .
the troops attacked
the teenager being consoled by the friend went to her home sullenly .
the woman being consoled by her daughter smiled wistfully .
the athlete being consoled by his coach promised more effort .
the widow consoled
the toddler scratched the table and exclaimed in-surprise .
the dog scratched a stranger and barked loudly .
the diamond scratched the machine and remained flawless .
the girl scratched
the witch captured the peasant and cackled gleefully .
the suspect captured the investigator and looked terrified .
the prisoners captured the colonel and escaped at-night .
the policeman captured
the principal envied the administration and complained incessantly .
the man envied his sister and bought a new car .
the plumber envied the carpenter and was well-known .
the officer envied
the engineer who was examined by a licensor passed the test .
the industrialist who was examined by the auditor hid the money .
the patient who was examined by the hygenist looked uncomfortable .
the defendant examined
the secretary described the visitor and waited patiently .
the chemist described the writer and was interested .
the physicist described the journalist and published many seminal articles .
the boy described
the comedian loved the audience and impersonated a famous celebrity .
the kid loved her parents and slept peacefully .
the janitor loved the employees and was cheerful .
the landlord loved
the management being recorded by the employee talked-about privacy .
the dancer being recorded by his trainer practiced energetically .
the influencer being recorded by her fans started-trending rapidly .
the priest recorded
