the management who was recorded by the employee talked-about privacy .
the dancer who was recorded by his trainer practiced energetically .
the influencer who was recorded by her fans started-trending rapidly .
the priest recorded
the comedian being loved by the audience impersonated a famous celebrity .
the kid being loved by her parents slept peacefully .
the janitor being loved by the employees was cheerful .
the landlord loved
the secretary being described by the visitor waited patiently .
the chemist being described by the writer was interested .
the physicist being described by the journalist published many seminal articles .
the boy described
the engineer examined by a licensor passed the test .
the industrialist examined by the auditor hid the money .
the patient examined by the hygenist looked uncomfortable .
the defendant examined
the principal being envied by the administration complained incessantly .
the man being envied by his sister bought a new car .
the plumber being envied by the carpenter was well-known .
the officer envied
the witch being captured by the peasant cackled gleefully .
the suspect being captured by the investigator looked terrified .
the prisoners being captured by the colonel escaped at-night .
the policeman captured
the toddler being scratched by the table exclaimed in-surprise .
the dog being scratched by a stranger barked loudly .
the diamond being scratched by the machine remained flawless .
the girl scratched
the teenager who was consoled by the friend went to her home sullenly .
the woman who was consoled by her daughter smiled wistfully .
the athlete who was consoled by his coach promised more effort .
the widow consoled
the lion attacked by the hunter staggered into the forest .
the senator attacked by the assassin went to the hospital .
the analyst attacked by his client apologized .
the troops attacked
the organization paid the government and expanded its mission .
the broker paid the company and signed the contract .
the entrepreneur paid the industrialist and founded a successful company .
the cashier paid
the children who was accompanied by their guardian skipped to the park .
the toddler who was accompanied by her parents went to the store .
the builder who was accompanied by the architect visited the construction-site .
the prince accompanied
the actor recognized by the reporter waved enthusiastically .
the poet recognized by the writer smiled .
the driver recognized by the passenger grinned cheerfully .
the man recognized
the monkey chased a hatter and stole his hats .
the thief chased the officer and stopped suddenly .
the dentist chased her son and threatened his teeth-extraction playfully .
the dog chased
the writer who was studied by the scholar wrote a radical book .
the apprentice who was studied by the blacksmith forged a shield .
the scholars who was studied by the psychologist were attentive .
the soldier studied
the king who was betrayed by the genie arrested the innocent woman .
the businessman who was betrayed by his partner lost a-lot-of money .
the executive who was betrayed by her accountant committed the famous tax-fraud .
the politician betrayed
the scientist challenged by the journalist demonstrated the invention .
the dragon challenged by the wizard roared loudly .
the programmer challenged by the supervisor accepted her mistake .
the protestors challenged
the professor selected the university and made plans-to-move .
the chef selected the restaurant and advertised his signature dish .
the developer selected the team and solved the problem efficiently .
the applicant selected
the actress congratulated by the director talked to the media happily .
the governor congratulated by the president made a public-statement .
the valedictorian congratulated by her family beamed joyfully .
the captain congratulated
the musician encouraged the crowd and performed a breathtaking piece .
the teacher encouraged her students and brought some donuts .
the hairdresser encouraged her customer and tried a new hairstyle .
the gymnast encouraged
the warden who was identified by the prisoner cracked the walnuts enthusiastically .
the student who was identified by the researcher proposed an interesting project .
the electrician who was identified by the company was competent .
the thief identified
the princess being admired by the magician went into a trance .
the employee being admired by the manager received a good evaluation .
the nurse being admired by the doctor worked diligently .
the singer admired
the clerk approached his manager and submitted the report .
the spy approached the agent and searched-for some answers .
the pharmacist approached the patient and recommended the blue pills .
the student approached
the producer introduced the association and won many awards .
the elf introduced the magician and danced happily .
the therapist introduced the doctor and listened carefully .
the speaker introduced
the apprentice sketched by the artist rolled-up the canvas .
the painter sketched by her student looked happy .
the robot sketched by the illustrator gained popularity rapidly .
the culprit sketched
