the priest who was recorded by the mob preached non-violence .
the management who was recorded by the employee talked-about privacy .
the dancer who was recorded by his trainer practiced energetically .
the influencer recorded
the landlord being loved by his tenants was considerate .
the comedian being loved by the audience impersonated a famous celebrity .
the kid being loved by her parents slept peacefully .
the janitor loved
the boy being described by the lady glowed joyfully .
the secretary being described by the visitor waited patiently .
the chemist being described by the writer was interested .
the physicist described
the defendant examined by the lawyer was unreliable .
the engineer examined by a licensor passed the test .
the industrialist examined by the auditor hid the money .
the patient examined
the officer being envied by the assistant quit the job .
the principal being envied by the administration complained incessantly .
the man being envied by his sister bought a new car .
the plumber envied
the policeman being captured by the kidnapper divulged a-lot-of information .
the witch being captured by the peasant cackled gleefully .
the suspect being captured by the investigator looked terrified .
the prisoners captured
the girl being scratched by the cat enjoyed the sunny afternoon .
the toddler being scratched by the table exclaimed in-surprise .
the dog being scratched by a stranger barked loudly .
the diamond scratched
the widow who was consoled by her family felt better eventually .
the teenager who was consoled by the friend went to her home sullenly .
the woman who was consoled by her daughter smiled wistfully .
the athlete consoled
the troops attacked by the terrorists suffered some heavy losses .
the lion attacked by the hunter staggered into the forest .
the senator attacked by the assassin went to the hospital .
the analyst attacked
the cashier paid the customer and muttered something inaudibly .
the organization paid the government and expanded its mission .
the broker paid the company and signed the contract .
the entrepreneur paid
the prince who was accompanied by the duke arrived at the palace .
the children who was accompanied by their guardian skipped to the park .
the toddler who was accompanied by her parents went to the store .
the builder accompanied
the man recognized by the spy took-off down the street .
the actor recognized by the reporter waved enthusiastically .
the poet recognized by the writer smiled .
the driver recognized
the dog chased the boy and played-with the ball .
the monkey chased a hatter and stole his hats .
the thief chased the officer and stopped suddenly .
the dentist chased
the soldier who was studied by the general fought valiantly .
the writer who was studied by the scholar wrote a radical book .
the apprentice who was studied by the blacksmith forged a shield .
the scholars studied
the politician who was betrayed by the party denied the allegations .
the king who was betrayed by the genie arrested the innocent woman .
the businessman who was betrayed by his partner lost a-lot-of money .
the executive betrayed
the protestors challenged by the authority marched on the streets .
the scientist challenged by the journalist demonstrated the invention .
the dragon challenged by the wizard roared loudly .
the programmer challenged
the applicant selected the company and gained more information .
the professor selected the university and made plans-to-move .
the chef selected the restaurant and advertised his signature dish .
the developer selected
the captain congratulated by the team jumped excitedly .
the actress congratulated by the director talked to the media happily .
the governor congratulated by the president made a public-statement .
the valedictorian congratulated
the gymnast encouraged the coach and participated in the contest .
the musician encouraged the crowd and performed a breathtaking piece .
the teacher encouraged her students and brought some donuts .
the hairdresser encouraged
the thief who was identified by the victim ran-away in-fear .
the warden who was identified by the prisoner cracked the walnuts enthusiastically .
the student who was identified by the researcher proposed an interesting project .
the electrician identified
the singer being admired by her fans sang beautifully .
the princess being admired by the magician went into a trance .
the employee being admired by the manager received a good evaluation .
the nurse admired
the student approached the teacher and passed the exam .
the clerk approached his manager and submitted the report .
the spy approached the agent and searched-for some answers .
the pharmacist approached
the speaker introduced the chairman and charmed everyone .
the producer introduced the association and won many awards .
the elf introduced the magician and danced happily .
the therapist introduced
the culprit sketched by the investigator escaped .
the apprentice sketched by the artist rolled-up the canvas .
the painter sketched by her student looked happy .
the robot sketched
