the culprit sketched the investigator and escaped .
the apprentice sketched the artist and rolled-up the canvas .
the painter sketched her student and looked happy .
the robot sketched
the speaker being introduced by the chairman charmed everyone .
the producer being introduced by the association won many awards .
the elf being introduced by the magician danced happily .
the therapist introduced
the student being approached by the teacher passed the exam .
the clerk being approached by his manager submitted the report .
the spy being approached by the agent searched-for some answers .
the pharmacist approached
the singer who was admired by her fans sang beautifully .
the princess who was admired by the magician went into a trance .
the employee who was admired by the manager received a good evaluation .
the nurse admired
the thief identified by the victim ran-away in-fear .
the warden identified by the prisoner cracked the walnuts enthusiastically .
the student identified by the researcher proposed an interesting project .
the electrician identified
the gymnast being encouraged by the coach participated in the contest .
the musician being encouraged by the crowd performed a breathtaking piece .
the teacher being encouraged by her students brought some donuts .
the hairdresser encouraged
the captain congratulated the team and jumped excitedly .
the actress congratulated the director and talked to the media happily .
the governor congratulated the president and made a public-statement .
the valedictorian congratulated
the applicant being selected by the company gained more information .
the professor being selected by the university made plans-to-move .
the chef being selected by the restaurant advertised his signature dish .
the developer selected
the protestors challenged the authority and marched on the streets .
the scientist challenged the journalist and demonstrated the invention .
the dragon challenged the wizard and roared loudly .
the programmer challenged
the politician betrayed by the party denied the allegations .
the king betrayed by the genie arrested the innocent woman .
the businessman betrayed by his partner lost a-lot-of money .
the executive betrayed
the soldier studied by the general fought valiantly .
the writer studied by the scholar wrote a radical book .
the apprentice studied by the blacksmith forged a shield .
the scholars studied
the dog being chased by the boy played-with the ball .
the monkey being chased by a hatter stole his hats .
the thief being chased by the officer stopped suddenly .
the dentist chased
the man recognized the spy and took-off down the street .
the actor recognized the reporter and waved enthusiastically .
the poet recognized the writer and smiled .
the driver recognized
the prince accompanied by the duke arrived at the palace .
the children accompanied by their guardian skipped to the park .
the toddler accompanied by her parents went to the store .
the builder accompanied
the cashier being paid by the customer muttered something inaudibly .
the organization being paid by the government expanded its mission .
the broker being paid by the company signed the contract .
the entrepreneur paid
the troops attacked the terrorists and suffered some heavy losses .
the lion attacked the hunter and staggered into the forest .
the senator attacked the assassin and went to the hospital .
the analyst attacked
the widow consoled by her family felt better eventually .
the teenager consoled by the friend went to her home sullenly .
the woman consoled by her daughter smiled wistfully .
the athlete consoled
the girl who was scratched by the cat enjoyed the sunny afternoon .
the toddler who was scratched by the table exclaimed in-surprise .
the dog who was scratched by a stranger barked loudly .
the diamond scratched
the policeman who was captured by the kidnapper divulged a-lot-of information .
the witch who was captured by the peasant cackled gleefully .
the suspect who was captured by the investigator looked terrified .
the prisoners captured
the officer who was envied by the assistant quit the job .
the principal who was envied by the administration complained incessantly .
the man who was envied by his sister bought a new car .
the plumber envied
the defendant examined the lawyer and was unreliable .
the engineer examined a licensor and passed the test .
the industrialist examined the auditor and hid the money .
the patient examined
the boy who was described by the lady glowed joyfully .
the secretary who was described by the visitor waited patiently .
the chemist who was described by the writer was interested .
the physicist described
the landlord who was loved by his tenants was considerate .
the comedian who was loved by the audience impersonated a famous celebrity .
the kid who was loved by her parents slept peacefully .
the janitor loved
the priest recorded by the mob preached non-violence .
the management recorded by the employee talked-about privacy .
the dancer recorded by his trainer practiced energetically .
the influencer recorded
