the apprentice sketched the artist and rolled-up the canvas .
the painter sketched her student and looked happy .
the robot sketched the illustrator and gained popularity rapidly .
the culprit sketched
the producer being introduced by the association won many awards .
the elf being introduced by the magician danced happily .
the therapist being introduced by the doctor listened carefully .
the speaker introduced
the clerk being approached by his manager submitted the report .
the spy being approached by the agent searched-for some answers .
the pharmacist being approached by the patient recommended the blue pills .
the student approached
the princess who was admired by the magician went into a trance .
the employee who was admired by the manager received a good evaluation .
the nurse who was admired by the doctor worked diligently .
the singer admired
the warden identified by the prisoner cracked the walnuts enthusiastically .
the student identified by the researcher proposed an interesting project .
the electrician identified by the company was competent .
the thief identified
the musician being encouraged by the crowd performed a breathtaking piece .
the teacher being encouraged by her students brought some donuts .
the hairdresser being encouraged by her customer tried a new hairstyle .
the gymnast encouraged
the actress congratulated the director and talked to the media happily .
the governor congratulated the president and made a public-statement .
the valedictorian congratulated her family and beamed joyfully .
the captain congratulated
the professor being selected by the university made plans-to-move .
the chef being selected by the restaurant advertised his signature dish .
the developer being selected by the team solved the problem efficiently .
the applicant selected
the scientist challenged the journalist and demonstrated the invention .
the dragon challenged the wizard and roared loudly .
the programmer challenged the supervisor and accepted her mistake .
the protestors challenged
the king betrayed by the genie arrested the innocent woman .
the businessman betrayed by his partner lost a-lot-of money .
the executive betrayed by her accountant committed the famous tax-fraud .
the politician betrayed
the writer studied by the scholar wrote a radical book .
the apprentice studied by the blacksmith forged a shield .
the scholars studied by the psychologist were attentive .
the soldier studied
the monkey being chased by a hatter stole his hats .
the thief being chased by the officer stopped suddenly .
the dentist being chased by her son threatened his teeth-extraction playfully .
the dog chased
the actor recognized the reporter and waved enthusiastically .
the poet recognized the writer and smiled .
the driver recognized the passenger and grinned cheerfully .
the man recognized
the children accompanied by their guardian skipped to the park .
the toddler accompanied by her parents went to the store .
the builder accompanied by the architect visited the construction-site .
the prince accompanied
the organization being paid by the government expanded its mission .
the broker being paid by the company signed the contract .
the entrepreneur being paid by the industrialist founded a successful company .
the cashier paid
the lion attacked the hunter and staggered into the forest .
the senator attacked the assassin and went to the hospital .
the analyst attacked his client and apologized .
the troops attacked
the teenager consoled by the friend went to her home sullenly .
the woman consoled by her daughter smiled wistfully .
the athlete consoled by his coach promised more effort .
the widow consoled
the toddler who was scratched by the table exclaimed in-surprise .
the dog who was scratched by a stranger barked loudly .
the diamond who was scratched by the machine remained flawless .
the girl scratched
the witch who was captured by the peasant cackled gleefully .
the suspect who was captured by the investigator looked terrified .
the prisoners who was captured by the colonel escaped at-night .
the policeman captured
the principal who was envied by the administration complained incessantly .
the man who was envied by his sister bought a new car .
the plumber who was envied by the carpenter was well-known .
the officer envied
the engineer examined a licensor and passed the test .
the industrialist examined the auditor and hid the money .
the patient examined the hygenist and looked uncomfortable .
the defendant examined
the secretary who was described by the visitor waited patiently .
the chemist who was described by the writer was interested .
the physicist who was described by the journalist published many seminal articles .
the boy described
the comedian who was loved by the audience impersonated a famous celebrity .
the kid who was loved by her parents slept peacefully .
the janitor who was loved by the employees was cheerful .
the landlord loved
the management recorded by the employee talked-about privacy .
the dancer recorded by his trainer practiced energetically .
the influencer recorded by her fans started-trending rapidly .
the priest recorded
