the management recorded the employee and talked-about privacy .
the dancer recorded his trainer and practiced energetically .
the influencer recorded her fans and started-trending rapidly .
the priest recorded
the comedian loved by the audience impersonated a famous celebrity .
the kid loved by her parents slept peacefully .
the janitor loved by the employees was cheerful .
the landlord loved
the secretary described by the visitor waited patiently .
the chemist described by the writer was interested .
the physicist described by the journalist published many seminal articles .
the boy described
the engineer being examined by a licensor passed the test .
the industrialist being examined by the auditor hid the money .
the patient being examined by the hygenist looked uncomfortable .
the defendant examined
the principal envied by the administration complained incessantly .
the man envied by his sister bought a new car .
the plumber envied by the carpenter was well-known .
the officer envied
the witch captured by the peasant cackled gleefully .
the suspect captured by the investigator looked terrified .
the prisoners captured by the colonel escaped at-night .
the policeman captured
the toddler scratched by the table exclaimed in-surprise .
the dog scratched by a stranger barked loudly .
the diamond scratched by the machine remained flawless .
the girl scratched
the teenager consoled the friend and went to her home sullenly .
the woman consoled her daughter and smiled wistfully .
the athlete consoled his coach and promised more effort .
the widow consoled
the lion being attacked by the hunter staggered into the forest .
the senator being attacked by the assassin went to the hospital .
the analyst being attacked by his client apologized .
the troops attacked
the organization who was paid by the government expanded its mission .
the broker who was paid by the company signed the contract .
the entrepreneur who was paid by the industrialist founded a successful company .
the cashier paid
the children accompanied their guardian and skipped to the park .
the toddler accompanied her parents and went to the store .
the builder accompanied the architect and visited the construction-site .
the prince accompanied
the actor being recognized by the reporter waved enthusiastically .
the poet being recognized by the writer smiled .
the driver being recognized by the passenger grinned cheerfully .
the man recognized
the monkey who was chased by a hatter stole his hats .
the thief who was chased by the officer stopped suddenly .
the dentist who was chased by her son threatened his teeth-extraction playfully .
the dog chased
the writer studied the scholar and wrote a radical book .
the apprentice studied the blacksmith and forged a shield .
the scholars studied the psychologist and were attentive .
the soldier studied
the king betrayed the genie and arrested the innocent woman .
the businessman betrayed his partner and lost a-lot-of money .
the executive betrayed her accountant and committed the famous tax-fraud .
the politician betrayed
the scientist being challenged by the journalist demonstrated the invention .
the dragon being challenged by the wizard roared loudly .
the programmer being challenged by the supervisor accepted her mistake .
the protestors challenged
the professor who was selected by the university made plans-to-move .
the chef who was selected by the restaurant advertised his signature dish .
the developer who was selected by the team solved the problem efficiently .
the applicant selected
the actress being congratulated by the director talked to the media happily .
the governor being congratulated by the president made a public-statement .
the valedictorian being congratulated by her family beamed joyfully .
the captain congratulated
the musician who was encouraged by the crowd performed a breathtaking piece .
the teacher who was encouraged by her students brought some donuts .
the hairdresser who was encouraged by her customer tried a new hairstyle .
the gymnast encouraged
the warden identified the prisoner and cracked the walnuts enthusiastically .
the student identified the researcher and proposed an interesting project .
the electrician identified the company and was competent .
the thief identified
the princess admired by the magician went into a trance .
the employee admired by the manager received a good evaluation .
the nurse admired by the doctor worked diligently .
the singer admired
the clerk who was approached by his manager submitted the report .
the spy who was approached by the agent searched-for some answers .
the pharmacist who was approached by the patient recommended the blue pills .
the student approached
the producer who was introduced by the association won many awards .
the elf who was introduced by the magician danced happily .
the therapist who was introduced by the doctor listened carefully .
the speaker introduced
the apprentice being sketched by the artist rolled-up the canvas .
the painter being sketched by her student looked happy .
the robot being sketched by the illustrator gained popularity rapidly .
the culprit sketched
