the painter being sketched by her student looked happy .
the robot being sketched by the illustrator gained popularity rapidly .
the culprit being sketched by the investigator escaped .
the apprentice sketched
the elf who was introduced by the magician danced happily .
the therapist who was introduced by the doctor listened carefully .
the speaker who was introduced by the chairman charmed everyone .
the producer introduced
the spy who was approached by the agent searched-for some answers .
the pharmacist who was approached by the patient recommended the blue pills .
the student who was approached by the teacher passed the exam .
the clerk approached
the employee admired by the manager received a good evaluation .
the nurse admired by the doctor worked diligently .
the singer admired by her fans sang beautifully .
the princess admired
the student identified the researcher and proposed an interesting project .
the electrician identified the company and was competent .
the thief identified the victim and ran-away in-fear .
the warden identified
the teacher who was encouraged by her students brought some donuts .
the hairdresser who was encouraged by her customer tried a new hairstyle .
the gymnast who was encouraged by the coach participated in the contest .
the musician encouraged
the governor being congratulated by the president made a public-statement .
the valedictorian being congratulated by her family beamed joyfully .
the captain being congratulated by the team jumped excitedly .
the actress congratulated
the chef who was selected by the restaurant advertised his signature dish .
the developer who was selected by the team solved the problem efficiently .
the applicant who was selected by the company gained more information .
the professor selected
the dragon being challenged by the wizard roared loudly .
the programmer being challenged by the supervisor accepted her mistake .
the protestors being challenged by the authority marched on the streets .
the scientist challenged
the businessman betrayed his partner and lost a-lot-of money .
the executive betrayed her accountant and committed the famous tax-fraud .
the politician betrayed the party and denied the allegations .
the king betrayed
the apprentice studied the blacksmith and forged a shield .
the scholars studied the psychologist and were attentive .
the soldier studied the general and fought valiantly .
the writer studied
the thief who was chased by the officer stopped suddenly .
the dentist who was chased by her son threatened his teeth-extraction playfully .
the dog who was chased by the boy played-with the ball .
the monkey chased
the poet being recognized by the writer smiled .
the driver being recognized by the passenger grinned cheerfully .
the man being recognized by the spy took-off down the street .
the actor recognized
the toddler accompanied her parents and went to the store .
the builder accompanied the architect and visited the construction-site .
the prince accompanied the duke and arrived at the palace .
the children accompanied
the broker who was paid by the company signed the contract .
the entrepreneur who was paid by the industrialist founded a successful company .
the cashier who was paid by the customer muttered something inaudibly .
the organization paid
the senator being attacked by the assassin went to the hospital .
the analyst being attacked by his client apologized .
the troops being attacked by the terrorists suffered some heavy losses .
the lion attacked
the woman consoled her daughter and smiled wistfully .
the athlete consoled his coach and promised more effort .
the widow consoled her family and felt better eventually .
the teenager consoled
the dog scratched by a stranger barked loudly .
the diamond scratched by the machine remained flawless .
the girl scratched by the cat enjoyed the sunny afternoon .
the toddler scratched
the suspect captured by the investigator looked terrified .
the prisoners captured by the colonel escaped at-night .
the policeman captured by the kidnapper divulged a-lot-of information .
the witch captured
the man envied by his sister bought a new car .
the plumber envied by the carpenter was well-known .
the officer envied by the assistant quit the job .
the principal envied
the industrialist being examined by the auditor hid the money .
the patient being examined by the hygenist looked uncomfortable .
the defendant being examined by the lawyer was unreliable .
the engineer examined
the chemist described by the writer was interested .
the physicist described by the journalist published many seminal articles .
the boy described by the lady glowed joyfully .
the secretary described
the kid loved by her parents slept peacefully .
the janitor loved by the employees was cheerful .
the landlord loved by his tenants was considerate .
the comedian loved
the dancer recorded his trainer and practiced energetically .
the influencer recorded her fans and started-trending rapidly .
the priest recorded the mob and preached non-violence .
the management recorded
