the culprit who was sketched by the investigator escaped .
the apprentice who was sketched by the artist rolled-up the canvas .
the painter who was sketched by her student looked happy .
the robot sketched
the speaker introduced by the chairman charmed everyone .
the producer introduced by the association won many awards .
the elf introduced by the magician danced happily .
the therapist introduced
the student approached by the teacher passed the exam .
the clerk approached by his manager submitted the report .
the spy approached by the agent searched-for some answers .
the pharmacist approached
the singer admired her fans and sang beautifully .
the princess admired the magician and went into a trance .
the employee admired the manager and received a good evaluation .
the nurse admired
the thief being identified by the victim ran-away in-fear .
the warden being identified by the prisoner cracked the walnuts enthusiastically .
the student being identified by the researcher proposed an interesting project .
the electrician identified
the gymnast encouraged by the coach participated in the contest .
the musician encouraged by the crowd performed a breathtaking piece .
the teacher encouraged by her students brought some donuts .
the hairdresser encouraged
the captain who was congratulated by the team jumped excitedly .
the actress who was congratulated by the director talked to the media happily .
the governor who was congratulated by the president made a public-statement .
the valedictorian congratulated
the applicant selected by the company gained more information .
the professor selected by the university made plans-to-move .
the chef selected by the restaurant advertised his signature dish .
the developer selected
the protestors who was challenged by the authority marched on the streets .
the scientist who was challenged by the journalist demonstrated the invention .
the dragon who was challenged by the wizard roared loudly .
the programmer challenged
the politician being betrayed by the party denied the allegations .
the king being betrayed by the genie arrested the innocent woman .
the businessman being betrayed by his partner lost a-lot-of money .
the executive betrayed
the soldier being studied by the general fought valiantly .
the writer being studied by the scholar wrote a radical book .
the apprentice being studied by the blacksmith forged a shield .
the scholars studied
the dog chased by the boy played-with the ball .
the monkey chased by a hatter stole his hats .
the thief chased by the officer stopped suddenly .
the dentist chased
the man who was recognized by the spy took-off down the street .
the actor who was recognized by the reporter waved enthusiastically .
the poet who was recognized by the writer smiled .
the driver recognized
the prince being accompanied by the duke arrived at the palace .
the children being accompanied by their guardian skipped to the park .
the toddler being accompanied by her parents went to the store .
the builder accompanied
the cashier paid by the customer muttered something inaudibly .
the organization paid by the government expanded its mission .
the broker paid by the company signed the contract .
the entrepreneur paid
the troops who was attacked by the terrorists suffered some heavy losses .
the lion who was attacked by the hunter staggered into the forest .
the senator who was attacked by the assassin went to the hospital .
the analyst attacked
the widow being consoled by her family felt better eventually .
the teenager being consoled by the friend went to her home sullenly .
the woman being consoled by her daughter smiled wistfully .
the athlete consoled
the girl scratched the cat and enjoyed the sunny afternoon .
the toddler scratched the table and exclaimed in-surprise .
the dog scratched a stranger and barked loudly .
the diamond scratched
the policeman captured the kidnapper and divulged a-lot-of information .
the witch captured the peasant and cackled gleefully .
the suspect captured the investigator and looked terrified .
the prisoners captured
the officer envied the assistant and quit the job .
the principal envied the administration and complained incessantly .
the man envied his sister and bought a new car .
the plumber envied
the defendant who was examined by the lawyer was unreliable .
the engineer who was examined by a licensor passed the test .
the industrialist who was examined by the auditor hid the money .
the patient examined
the boy described the lady and glowed joyfully .
the secretary described the visitor and waited patiently .
the chemist described the writer and was interested .
the physicist described
the landlord loved his tenants and was considerate .
the comedian loved the audience and impersonated a famous celebrity .
the kid loved her parents and slept peacefully .
the janitor loved
the priest being recorded by the mob preached non-violence .
the management being recorded by the employee talked-about privacy .
the dancer being recorded by his trainer practiced energetically .
the influencer recorded
