the dancer who was recorded by his trainer practiced energetically .
the influencer who was recorded by her fans started-trending rapidly .
the priest who was recorded by the mob preached non-violence .
the management recorded
the kid being loved by her parents slept peacefully .
the janitor being loved by the employees was cheerful .
the landlord being loved by his tenants was considerate .
the comedian loved
the chemist being described by the writer was interested .
the physicist being described by the journalist published many seminal articles .
the boy being described by the lady glowed joyfully .
the secretary described
the industrialist examined by the auditor hid the money .
the patient examined by the hygenist looked uncomfortable .
the defendant examined by the lawyer was unreliable .
the engineer examined
the man being envied by his sister bought a new car .
the plumber being envied by the carpenter was well-known .
the officer being envied by the assistant quit the job .
the principal envied
the suspect being captured by the investigator looked terrified .
the prisoners being captured by the colonel escaped at-night .
the policeman being captured by the kidnapper divulged a-lot-of information .
the witch captured
the dog being scratched by a stranger barked loudly .
the diamond being scratched by the machine remained flawless .
the girl being scratched by the cat enjoyed the sunny afternoon .
the toddler scratched
the woman who was consoled by her daughter smiled wistfully .
the athlete who was consoled by his coach promised more effort .
the widow who was consoled by her family felt better eventually .
the teenager consoled
the senator attacked by the assassin went to the hospital .
the analyst attacked by his client apologized .
the troops attacked by the terrorists suffered some heavy losses .
the lion attacked
the broker paid the company and signed the contract .
the entrepreneur paid the industrialist and founded a successful company .
the cashier paid the customer and muttered something inaudibly .
the organization paid
the toddler who was accompanied by her parents went to the store .
the builder who was accompanied by the architect visited the construction-site .
the prince who was accompanied by the duke arrived at the palace .
the children accompanied
the poet recognized by the writer smiled .
the driver recognized by the passenger grinned cheerfully .
the man recognized by the spy took-off down the street .
the actor recognized
the thief chased the officer and stopped suddenly .
the dentist chased her son and threatened his teeth-extraction playfully .
the dog chased the boy and played-with the ball .
the monkey chased
the apprentice who was studied by the blacksmith forged a shield .
the scholars who was studied by the psychologist were attentive .
the soldier who was studied by the general fought valiantly .
the writer studied
the businessman who was betrayed by his partner lost a-lot-of money .
the executive who was betrayed by her accountant committed the famous tax-fraud .
the politician who was betrayed by the party denied the allegations .
the king betrayed
the dragon challenged by the wizard roared loudly .
the programmer challenged by the supervisor accepted her mistake .
the protestors challenged by the authority marched on the streets .
the scientist challenged
the chef selected the restaurant and advertised his signature dish .
the developer selected the team and solved the problem efficiently .
the applicant selected the company and gained more information .
the professor selected
the governor congratulated by the president made a public-statement .
the valedictorian congratulated by her family beamed joyfully .
the captain congratulated by the team jumped excitedly .
the actress congratulated
the teacher encouraged her students and brought some donuts .
the hairdresser encouraged her customer and tried a new hairstyle .
the gymnast encouraged the coach and participated in the contest .
the musician encouraged
the student who was identified by the researcher proposed an interesting project .
the electrician who was identified by the company was competent .
the thief who was identified by the victim ran-away in-fear .
the warden identified
the employee being admired by the manager received a good evaluation .
the nurse being admired by the doctor worked diligently .
the singer being admired by her fans sang beautifully .
the princess admired
the spy approached the agent and searched-for some answers .
the pharmacist approached the patient and recommended the blue pills .
the student approached the teacher and passed the exam .
the clerk approached
the elf introduced the magician and danced happily .
the therapist introduced the doctor and listened carefully .
the speaker introduced the chairman and charmed everyone .
the producer introduced
the painter sketched by her student looked happy .
the robot sketched by the illustrator gained popularity rapidly .
the culprit sketched by the investigator escaped .
the apprentice sketched
